Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Mac, you built a golf
course in a nature reserve?
Our nature reserve,
brother.
While you were away
getting your fancy education,
I was creating business
from our land.
What happened
to all the wolves
in this area?
We built caves for them
up in the hills,
don't worry.
- Fake caves?
- Yes, Ian.
Some wolves are already
living in them.
Don't you remember what
great-grandfather warned of?
Yes, yes, he said,
"Take care of your people."
And now we'll get
new schools, a hospital...
He also said,
"Never disturb nature.
Or nature
will disturb you."
You're digging up
sacred grounds too?
Spirits are buried here!
No, the so-called,
"spirits"
are actually
dinosaur skeletons.
Dinosaur skeletons?
And I found a museum
who's willing to pay
tens of millions of dollars
for these bones.
We'll be very rich.
Oh, no.
Oh, oh,
this is bad.
What do I do?
Okay, I gotta stop this.
Oh, crickets.
So, you two
decided to take the plunge
and move
to Wolf-burbia?
Well, we're considering it.
Some wolves
love the idea.
Others don't.
- Humphrey...
- Kate...
Well, I hear
it's very safe here.
We have a problem with
rogue wolves in our area.
And with three pups
who have a tendency
to get into preteen trouble.
Well,
no rogue wolves here.
Your pups
will be very safe.
And here we go.
Isn't it perfect?
Oh... Yes!
Too perfect.
Uh, I knew it, Kate!
This cave is made
of plastic?
It's actually
recycled material.
The unnatural
is the new natural.
"The unnatural
is the new natural?"
That sounds like
when my Uncle Tony
came home
with a fur toupee.
Fore!
Oh! And look
at that view.
Oh, what a location,
location, location.
Why don't you
look inside?
It's very high-tech.
You know
the preteens and tech.
Preteens wolf pups
and tech?
Come on, Humphrey.
Wait a minute, did
lights just come on automatically?
- Bonjour.
- Greetings.
What?
Birds. Out of here now.
Shoo!
Shoo, I have a sale
in progress.
We are aware
of that, madam.
That is why we're here.
No, you are here
to leave bird droppings
on my sidewalks.
Bird droppings
on your sidewalk?
How about a bird dropping
in your eye!
And I just ate
a lot of fiber.
You evil birds.
Well done, Paddy.
We English
are very precise.
What's going on?
Your real estate lady
wouldn't let us land.
Oh, Carney
these are our friends.
They're the godparents
of our three pups.
They're here to give us
an unbiased, uncoached,
second opinion
of this hideous,
unlivable, plastic cave.
Oh, well,
I actually love birds.
- So...
- Right back at you.
So, Marcel and
Paddy, what do you think?
It's very safe here,
no rogue wolves.
Well, safety
is very important.
Peck, peck.
Who's there?
Oh, they don't
build them like they...
Wait a minute.
Caves aren't built at all.
They're just
naturally formed, madam.
But you know,
it's not half bad here.
Eighteen holes.
PGA designed.
In fact,
I love it here.
Voilà!
There you have it.
Oh, I... I see.
Yes, very nice.
I... I concur.
Very nice green-ery.
Okay, Humphrey.
You now have our second
and third opinion.
Do it for the pups.
Ugh. I guess we're moving
to Wolf-burbia.
Oh!
That feels better.
Humphrey?
You know, I think moving
the pups are night
was a great idea.
The shock would've been
too much for them.
And carrying our three
"Sleeping Beauties"
was quite the shock
to my back.
Can you wake them up,
breakfast is almost ready.
Okay, where does
that light come from?
Breakfast is ready
and I see we're...
Humphrey!
They're not up?
Sorry, Kate.
My omega alarm clock
didn't work.
Maybe your alpha one will?
Where's the hunt?
Caribou.
I have to pee.
Okay, pups.
First day in your new home.
Look around.
Aren't you excited?
I'm glad you carried us in
while we were sleeping.
Why's that, Stinky?
'Cause I would've
run away.
Mom, Dad,
this cave is like
a total poseur.
What is this stuff?
Oh, honey, it's called
recycled material.
Recycled?
As in plastic bottles?
I think I taste cola.
Your father and I
are completely aligned
that moving here is
a great idea for our family.
Okay, let's tour
the new neighborhood.
Dad, now that we moved
to the 'burbs,
why does mom have
a constant smile on her face?
I don't know, son.
To balance out
my constant scowl?
So, I don't get it,
why are we living
in this area?
Well, it's
a very safe environment.
Fore!
Heads-up!
You were saying, Kate?
Runt was once
kidnapped by rogues
and we're a family
that's a bit prone
to getting into...
situations.
I'd take golf balls
over rogue wolves any day.
But that's what being
a wild animal's all about,
surviving the wild.
Look! A lake.
- I smell chlorine.
- Wait a minute.
The lake is fake.
Wait, are you sure?
This place is very off.
Fore!
My point exactly.
Well done, Marcel.
Hello, wolves.
Did you just see my shot?
We did.
Good job, Marcel.
Pups, welcome
to your new neighborhood.
How do you like it
so far?
Adjusting, huh?
Oh.
Well, Kate and Humphrey,
now that you're living here
I insist on giving you
golf lessons.
Maybe the whole family
can learn.
A fun activity.
Together.
Well, Paddy.
Shall we play on?
Yes, back to the green.
Hey, Mom, Dad,
see that forest over there?
- Yes?
- We're going to hang out there.
You wanna
stay with us, Runt?
Nope, I have to pee
and I don't wanna worry
about carpeting.
Now this is more like it.
I can't believe they moved
from our awesome wild home
to a bland community.
I mean, we're wolves.
Seriously.
And did you hear Mom say
that we're always
getting into trouble?
As if we walk right
into situations.
I smell something strange.
Something really different.
And your smell
is never wrong.
Whoa. Claudette, Runt.
Come here, quick.
Are those eyes?
Let me do
my tree hugger thing.
Hey there,
are you okay?
I'm Runt.
And below is my sister,
Claudette.
And my brother, Stinky.
We just moved
to the neighborhood.
Are you in trouble?
Do you need help?
Is it a reptile
up in a tree?
I can't tell!
Hey, it's kinda nice
seeing another creature.
We just moved here
and wanted to make friends
with the locals.
We're very accepting
of all critters.
Wait! Wait!
Wow, new
home, new problem.
Wait!
You're telling me.
Does anyone
know what that is?
Wait! Wait!
Oh, crickets.
Dear, goodness.
This is what
we evolved to?
Miniature dogs?
I didn't mean
to scare you!
You said you liked
being helpful!
Let's give this
a dust up.
Oh!
Now, let's all
do the spin out.
Oh, crickets.
Watch out for my tail!
Look out!
Wow, well, we
all wanted the wild,
and that tops it.
Maybe we should've gone
golfing after all.
Now, get your legs
in an even stance.
This is my even stance.
Humphrey,
weight on your heels.
It looks like you're going
to lay a turd.
Hello,
I'm a four-legged creature.
This isn't
natural for me.
Humphrey,
listen to Marcel.
And keep your head
down when you follow through.
Ladies?
Can you please move?
You're in my shot.
I can't golf
with the two moons
in my eyeline.
Where's a dog cone
when you need one?
Focus on the ball.
Wha...
Fore!
- That's it.
- I'm tired of that hacker.
Sorry! My bad.
Easy, ladies.
I think I'll take flight.
Marcel, what do I do?
Humphrey, think of this
as a teachable moment.
Kate,
a little help here!
Paddy, I think
it's time we did
a quick migration
to the lake.
Righty, ho!
Come on, ladies.
It was an accident.
Talk to the antlers.
Hey!
Humphrey is just
not suited for golf.
Did you see how bad
that swing was?
I heard that!
Humphrey, are you okay?
I told you I'd make it
on to the green.
Okay, let's start
from the top.
My name is Amy.
And I'm a dinosaur.
Hi, Amy.
I was living
below the area
where you're now sitting.
There is someone
who dug up this hole
and is trying
to sell me and Rex.
But a very bad idea.
Rex?
A T-Rex.
Way down below.
What is that?
I'm a little behind
in my dinosaur knowledge.
And I need
a bit more backstory, Amy.
Backstory? Okay.
Back... Backstory.
65 million years ago,
my mom used to tell me,
if I was in trouble
with predators,
I was to run
to the sacred space.
And look
for a circle of light.
It was area
of protection.
Something strange
was happening.
So, we sort of survived.
Like my mom said we would.
But if they dig down
to the Rex,
his spirit
will also emerge.
He's huge and ruthless
and will destroy everything
in his path.
They need
to leave this area alone
or they will be
very sorry.
Oh, crickets.
I hope I didn't scare you.
Not at all.
Okay, they're back from lunch.
The diggers.
- I gotta hide.
- Wait.
We'll come too.
Griffin, leave the keys
in the car.
I'm not in the mood for you
losing our keys again.
All right, Jethro.
I'll leave 'em inside.
Ain't no one
around here anyways,
except for us.
Oh, no.
It's the wolf trappers.
- Remember them?
- Yeah.
And now they're diggers?
You know them?
They tried to capture us
but we outsmarted them.
Mm-hmm.
Basically, we kicked
their butt.
Yeah, we did.
No way, huh-uh.
Okay.
No way!
Okay, Amy.
We've discussed it.
We're gonna help you
stop them from digging
up that hole.
Thanks.
It's my home too.
I can only go back
when the light shines upon it.
And I need to go home.
It's the only place
I can survive.
How are you
gonna stop them?
Whew, wow.
It's hot.
Dang hot.
Now this here's
a sacred burial ground.
I sure hope there isn't
some human skeleton
we run into.
'Cause I would
lose my lunch.
I paid $5 for that burrito.
And we lost
a lot of money
when we didn't
catch them wolves.
You hear that?
Is that our truck?
Sis, you got this?
Yeah, don't try this
at home, right?
Hey, wait!
That's our truck!
Okay, wolf trappers
are in sight.
They're getting close.
Step on it, Stinky!
Come back here!
Hey! That is our truck!
It's that
wolf pup again.
Wow, those wolves
are something else.
Humphrey,
sorry about the issue
with the antlers.
Oh, too soon?
Not soon enough.
I want outta here.
Humphrey, you're just
adjusting to this new place.
Look at us.
We love it here.
Ah, it's like
that lake in Vegas.
The one
with the fountains.
What is that?
Do you hear music?
I do, indeed.
It's doing something to me.
It's... sweeping me.
Me too.
Literally.
You guys okay there?
Humphrey, Kate,
pretend you didn't see that.
Hopefully
no one else saw...
There it is.
Looks like someone just wanted
a joyride or something.
I swear I saw
that wolf pup inside.
Or maybe we're just
seeing things, brother.
Hey, that looks like
the boss's truck.
What are you two doing here?
Why aren't you digging?
We were.
But someone stole our truck
and we just found it here.
We think some wolves
jumped in
and drove it away.
What? That is ridiculous.
Are you joking with me?
We lost a whole day
of digging.
The museum is coming
in two days
- to inspect the bones.
- Now, don't get yourself all huffy.
Mac, chill out.
You get back
there first thing.
I'm gonna have
to find more people
to help you dig that hole.
Oh, you made it back.
Good job with getting rid
of those diggers.
Well, it's only temporary.
They'll be back tomorrow.
And there will be
more of them.
So, we'll have to figure out
a way to stop them.
We'll want to talk to our parents.
Are you looking
for something?
Oh...
It's such a silly notion.
Oh, crickets.
What is it?
Well, I wanna see
what the world looks like now
This may be
my one and only time.
Then you'll see the world
as we see it.
Come on,
we'll show you around.
You want
to ride shotgun?
I'm really fast.
Okay, tell me where to go.
We're going
to a real lake.
What is that?
It's a train.
Look for the open car.
So, when we say, "jump."
Okay?
It looks fun.
Jump!
Sure was fun.
Way to go, bro-bro.
Yeah.
I think she's
really enjoying it.
Who's enjoying what?
Where are your parents?
- Close by.
- Hey, Rogue Wolf!
Why don't you go back
to the eastern hills?
Did you know pups
are one of our favorite foods?
Oh, really?
We're so scared.
Don't under estimate
these pups.
I've heard
they are very tricky.
Amy, where are you going?
I don't know.
I'm drawn
to that fountain.
Look, the birds,
they're dancing.
If just keep my
eyes above the golf course,
it's actually
a really nice view.
Look down there.
- What is that?
- I think it's the pups...
goodness,
what did they find?
That was an amazing day.
Thanks so much.
Tomorrow
is gonna be rough.
But I'm glad
today was great.
Hi, Mom and Dad.
We have a situation.
You know how you always
encouraged us
to mix it up
with other critters?
And I never heard you
exclude dinosaurs.
Oh, crickets.
I think everyone over there
is in shock.
Seems like everyone is.
Except the crickets.
Maybe them too.
Okay, on the count
of three,
everyone bark.
One... two...
Three.
Oh, gosh.
It's still there.
Pups, what have you found?
Let us explain.
Can we move this
to the cave?
It's cool,
this is our friend, Amy.
Okay, okay.
Let's just say
everything tonight is true.
Let me organize
my thoughts.
According to Amy,
the dinosaur,
we have to stop
the digging
or there will be
a giant T-Rex unleashed.
But we need to do this
in time for Amy
to go back
to the sacred burial ground
but it has to be timed
with a ray of light,
so she can return back
to her former existence.
Did I miss anything?
You got it, Dad.
Everything else
in this park is fake,
why did a dinosaur
have to be real?
Dad, Mom, may I offer
some parenting tips?
You raised us
to be kind, caring,
and always wanting
to help someone in need.
And that is why we often
get into situations.
Well, we're in one now,
and Amy's
also our friend.
Thanks for reminding us
what this family stands for.
Come on, give it up.
Hey, you guys
over there.
These wolves are huggers
and we birds
are not huggers.
- Amy, you too.
- Come on, Amy.
There are a lot
of human workers,
and they have guns.
And there's
no way to stop them
without someone
getting injured.
They are not
going to beat us.
Nice to have
the old mom back.
You see, brother.
No problems with nature.
The day is young, Mac.
Ian, it's like you want
something bad to happen.
Don't you know
how rich we'll become,
you and I?
So much for taking care
of the people.
Well,
don't just stand there,
Griffin, Jethro,
protect this site.
It's like we're surrounded
by dang wolves.
I don't like this.
We're gonna be attacked
by wolves.
Don't worry.
It's just sounds
from nature.
I am worried.
It sounds like
a lot of them.
This must be
their territory.
Keep digging.
We have security here.
Oh, they are
really reassuring.
I'm not gonna let
my men get attacked.
Come on, guys.
Let's wait in our trucks.
Whoa!
- What is going on?
- It's nature fighting back.
Oh, Ian,
give it a rest.
They're blocking
my ground.
No, it's their ground.
- Okay, so far, so good.
- It's not over yet.
- You pay us double?
- Yes.
Dig! Dig!
Stop, stop, stop.
There's something here.
Okay, switch to shovels,
and be careful.
The museum needs
these bones undamaged.
I think they're about to get
what they want.
But not like they wanted.
What the heck is that?
Oh, gosh, here it come.
Crickets!
What the...
Is that a live dinosaur?
How the heck
did that happen?
Run!
Well, maybe having
a T-Rex is not all bad.
Run for your life!
Huh?
Oh, no. Oh, no.
Crickets. This is it.
Mom, Dad,
we've got to get him
back to the site,
in time
for the ray of light.
We've gotta buy some
time until the clouds clear.
But the more time we buy,
the more Rex destroys.
Oh, no.
He's at our cave.
Oh, darn.
Yeah... darn...
Too bad.
No!
I have an idea.
It's sort of dangerous.
Everything right now
is sort of dangerous.
Runt, blurt it out.
Amy, birds are
your descendents, right?
Yes, but I can't
fly out of here.
And is T-Rex
from the bird family too?
Yes...
That Rex is not my brother.
We just have to get him
close to the fountain...
I see.
And the music will hold him.
Yes! Long enough
for the ray of light
to hit that spot.
But how do we know
when the music
will come on again?
I'll just have him
chase me till it does.
Hey! Hey!
Paddy, we have
to help her.
Hey, brother.
You know what they say...
birds of a feather...
We gotta help.
Hey, Pups.
Do that thing
with the dust.
Okay, head to the fountain.
♪ I tried to figure out
myself ♪
♪ Don't know
what's on the road, yeah ♪
♪ I know that one day
I'll find a way ♪
♪ Just think about it ♪
♪ Oh, baby
oh, baby ♪
♪ Just dream about it ♪
♪ Oh, baby
oh, baby ♪
♪ Just think about it ♪
♪ Oh, baby
oh, baby ♪
♪ Just dream about it ♪
♪ And then we'll dance,
dance, dance the night away ♪
♪ And then we'll sing
our way through it ♪
♪ Every day... ♪
This place
is really twisted.
♪ We found a way ♪
♪ As long as
you've got friends ♪
♪ You know
you'll never be alone... ♪
The light has come through.
Amy! The light!
I can't stop dancing.
I see it.
But I got the music in me.
♪ Oh, baby
oh, baby... ♪
Why can't you
just stay with us, Amy?
Because, Runt,
if I don't go back
to the sacred ground,
my spirit will
eventually perish.
That is the only place
where I can live on.
I guess, we should
start saying our good-byes then.
Yes, good-bye will occur
in some form today for sure.
Faster, Amy!
Amy, remember the spin out?
Where my tail hit you?
Yes. Okay,
when I say now,
spin out.
Oh, crickets.
I'll try.
Now!
Oh!
Amy, hurry!
Okay, I'm ready
to go back.
Stinky,
Claudette, and Runt,
thank you
for your kindness.
You showed me a world
I had only dreamt of seeing.
You have
a wonderful family.
- Good-bye, Amy.
- We'll miss you, Amy.
We love you, Amy...
forever.
We'll come here often.
Are they gone?
In here?
Will you help us
fill in the ground
with those
humongous antlers.
Gladly.
Someone is helping us
fill in the ground.
Perhaps it's nature.
Okay, guys.
As if we've never disturbed
this area
in the first place.
Now, we will never disturb
nature again.
Mom and Dad,
I thought you said
it would be safer here.
It was,
until it wasn't.
No one back home
will ever believe
what just happened.
So, pups, your mom and I
are completely aligned
on this,
what do you say
we go home?
Our real home.
Our natural home.
Yeah! Awesome!
But remember, Pups,
when we get back there
we'll have to watch out
for rogue wolves again.
Mom, we
just took on a T-Rex.
We can handle
rogue wolves.
Yeah, Mom.
Did you see how big
that T-Rex was?
It was a pretty awesome situation.
You're right, pups.
Let's get home.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org